---
title: About  
layout: about 
permalink: /about.html 
# include CollectionBuilder info at bottom
credits: true
# Edit the markdown on in this file to describe your collection
# Look in _includes/features for options to easily add features to the page
---

## Exhibit Introduction: 
By bringing in the past of student life, academic accomplishments and memorable moments, the Lee County Black History Society Collection creates a space for the history of Dunbar Elementary School and Dunbar High School. While students work hard on their assignments and projects to better their education and future endeavors, they also create a balance between fun and exciting activities that made their elementary and high school experience a little bit more enjoyable. The collection invites viewers to witness how students got involved with various clubs, organizations, social events, games, and many other lifetime experiences during their time at Dunbar Elementary and High School. From football games, to prom, to elementary plays and field trips, these materials highlight the fun times Dunbar students’ experiences, while showcasing how the students created a safe haven during oppressed times.

## About the Collection: 
Generated by the Lee County Black History Society and was founded in 1994 by Janice Cass, the Lee County Black History Society collection consists of news articles, photographs and documents that highlight a variety of high school memorabilia and other special events, achievements and celebrations. The Lee County Black History Society is in Fort Myers, Florida, and has been in partnership with Florida Gulf Coast University Archives and Special Collections. The collection also includes oral histories from African Americans who recounted their lived experiences in Lee County. These oral histories mark not just African American identity, but it also brings attention to the daily lives of the African American community.

## Photos:
Include some photos highlighting the school buildings, students, staff and faculty. 

## A sneak peek 
Add an oral history audio. 

## Map
Maybe include to orient people to Dunbar neighborhood. Directing to the map tab for a more immersive view. 

## Creditor
This collectionbuilder was curated by Grace Gentle by using archival material from Florida Gulf Coast Univeristy's Bradshaw Library and the Lee County Black History Society Collection. 

## About the Author: 
Grace Gentle is a graduate student admitted to Florida Gulf Coast University and has compiled a digital collection on CollectionBuilder during her time at the University’s Library Archives and Special Collections. She got her bachelor’s in history and is currently working on obtaining her masters in history at Florida Gulf Coast University. She has dedicated her time to FGCU's Library Archives and Special Collections and has contributed to various kinds of projects. Her recent work focuses on archival material from Dunbar Elementary and High School provided by the Lee County Black History Society Collection. Gentle has been working at FGCU’s Library Archives and Special Collections during her undergraduate years as an intern and under the WiSER program during her graduate years. 
 
## Learn More
To learn more information on the Lee County Black History Society and on Dunbar Elementary and Dunbar High School check out Florida Guld Coast University Library's Archives and Special Collections website https://library.fgcu.edu/uasc. Further information can be found at the Lee County Black History Society Website https://www.leecountyblackhistorysociety.org/. 
